documentation updates regarding `@defer` (#12814)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/data/directives.mdx

</Note>

> For more information about the `@defer` directive, check out the [`@defer` docs](./defer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on using the `@defer` directive, see the [Defer](./defer) guide.
```

We've been referencing this as "guide" without the `@`, so probably best to be consistent here as well. I updated to "using" since this page is sorta the api reference for it
